Express.js is a web application framework that provide you with a simple API to buid websites ,web apps and back ends.

benifits of express js:
1. We can reduce the code length as compersion to nodeJs


Script in package.Json {
we can make our own script and through this script we can ran any commond on the web}    

https Method:- GET, POST, PUT, PATCH,DELETE
POST :- to feed the data in server
PUT :- TO upload photo or data in server
Patch :- To update the data in server


Version :-
4.18.2

4 :- major update (Don't update this because your code may not run)
18 :- recommended update (you can update version but first you have to look what functionlity will change.)
2 :- Minor update (There will fix some small issue)

Restfull api :- always follow Server and Clint arcitucher.

SSR (server side rendring):- When we our server send a html doc. as a response

JSON :(javaScript object ..) :- It is key value formte of data

#Middleware :- Middleware just a function which execute at every request of clint.
->middleware is a function that have access to the request object , the response object and the next middleware function in the application's request cycle.
->Middleware can do.
1. execute any code.
2. Make chages to request and response objects.
3. End the request response cycle.
4. Call the next middleware function in the stack.

#Headears:-  HTTP headers are an important part of the API request and response as they repersent the meta-data associated with the API req and response.
-> Headers carry information for the request and response body.

#Status Codes:- HTTP response status codes indicate whether a specific HTTP request has been successfully completed.

->information response(100-199)
->Successful response(200-299)
->Redirection message(300-399)
->Client error response(400-499)
->Server error response(500-599)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                